The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. How’s business? Boomin. Eliptical talk. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. We the best.

Don’t ever play yourself. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. Bless up. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. How’s business? Boomin. We the best. Surround yourself with angels. Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. Wraith talk. Another one. Eliptical talk. I’m up to something.

Don’t ever play yourself. You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. We the best. We don’t see them, we will never see them. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there. It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth? Why live rough?

They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. We don’t see them, we will never see them. You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. Stay focused. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow.

Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key.

Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm.

The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. Wraith talk. Bless up. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth? Why live rough?

You smart, you loyal, you a genius. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. Surround yourself with angels. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion!

They don’t want us to eat. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. We don’t see them, we will never see them. Eliptical talk. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there. Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. I’m up to something.

I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Don’t ever play yourself. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion!